So, let's head over to our tweets reducer and import this action type.
So, we will first grab a tweet,
and then now, we can add that as a case here.
So, when the ADD_TWEET action is dispatched,
how do we want to update state?
Well, first, what we'll do is let's grab the tweets off of the action.
Now, let's look at our final states so we can figure out what
we need to do when the ADD_TWEET action is dispatched.
So, this is what our state looks like where we have authedUser,
loadingBar, tweets, and then the users down below.
So, what we need to do, and this is the obvious one,
is we need to take the new tweet and add it as a property on our tweets array.
But the other thing that we need to do is,
you'll notice if you actually look at a tweet here,
each tweet has a replies array that are
all of the tweet IDs that have replied to these specific tweet.
So, for example, if we are replying to a tweet with this ID right here,
what we want to do is take the ID of the new tweet that we
created and add it to this replies array right here.
So, what we can do is,
let's return an object,
you want to spread all of the previous tweets onto it.
As I mentioned, the obvious thing we need to do is we need to
say action.tweet.id is going to be action.tweet,
so we are adding our new tweet to our tweet state.
But the other thing we need to do is go
to the array property if we are replying to a tweet,
and then add the tweet ID there as well.
So, what we can do is,
let's say, we have an object here called replyingTo,
just going to be an empty object.
Then, we will have an if statement and we can say,
if tweet.replyingTo does not equal null,
not equal to null,
then what we wanted to say is replyingTo is going to be
an object that has a key of whatever the tweet we are replyingTo is,
and then the objects for this tweet is going to be everything than it
was before, so state[tweet.replyingTo].
But what we want to modify again is
the replies property of this specific slice of our state,
and then we will say, state[tweet.replyTo],
which is the ID of the tweet we are replying to,
that has a replies property, which is an array,
which we can concatenate onto it tweet.id.
Now, we have this object.
What we can do is we can also spread that across to our brand new tweet state.
So, that was a lot, so let's walk through it one more time.
What we need to do whenever we add a new tweet is take that tweet and add it
to our tweets array or the tweets slice of our state,
which technically isn't object.
So, we do that with this line right here.
But what we also want to do is if the brand new tweet isn't reply to another tweet,
we want to grab that new tweets,
so we'll use this one, for example.
We want to spread all of the previous properties onto that new tweet.
We want to concatenate onto the replies array the new reply that we just created,
and then we want to spread this whole object onto our tweets array,
so it will update this specific portion of our state.
So, now that we have our action setup,
as well as our reducer,
the only other thing we need to do is actually
dispatch the action creator when we submit the new tweet.